[Outlook] (NAA) Document NAA support in Office 2024 LTSC (#2197)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-reference: docs/requirement-sets/common/nested-app-auth-requirement-sets.md

Office Add-ins run across multiple versions of Office. The following table lists the nested app auth (NAA) requirement set, the supported Office client applications, and the **minimum** builds or versions for those applications where applicable.

> | Requirement set | Outlook on the web | Outlook on Windows<ul><li>Microsoft 365 subscription</li></ul> | Outlook on Windows (retail perpetual) | Outlook on Windows (volume-licensed perpetual) | Outlook on Mac | Outlook on iOS | Outlook on Android |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Requirement set | Outlook on the web | Outlook on Windows<br>(Microsoft 365 subscription) | Outlook on Windows<br>(retail perpetual) | Outlook on Windows<br>(volume-licensed perpetual) | Outlook on Mac | Outlook on iOS | Outlook on Android |
```

| Application | Web        | Windows                                              | Mac        | iOS/iPad           | Android        |
|-------------|------------|------------------------------------------------------|------------|--------------------|----------------|
| Excel       | In preview | In preview                                           | In preview | In preview on iPad | Not applicable |

> | Outlook     | GA         | GA in Current Channel, Monthly Enterprise Channel, Semi-Annual Channel. Preview in Semi-Annual Channel Extended | GA         | GA (iOS)           | GA             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Outlook     | GA         | GA in Current Channel, Monthly Enterprise Channel, Semi-Annual Channel. Preview in Semi-Annual Channel Extended. | GA         | GA (iOS)           | GA             |
```
